Pagination: Add showPageSizeSelector: 'auto' info (#8015)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/pager/showPageSizeSelector.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies page size selector visibility.

---

> When this property is set to *"auto"*, the pager hides itself if [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#pageSize) is greater than [itemCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#itemCount). To avoid this behavior, set **showPageSizeSelector** to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this property is set to *"auto"*, the pager is hidden if [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#pageSize) is greater than [itemCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPagination/Configuration/#itemCount). To avoid this behavior, set **showPageSizeSelector** to `true`.
```
